docs: adhere to style guide for Azure SAS support (#13376)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/configure-artifact-repository.md

## Configuring Azure Blob Storage

Create an Azure Storage account and a container within your account. There are several
ways to accomplish this, including the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) or the
[CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/).

There are multiple ways to allow Argo to authenticate its access to your Azure storage account.

> The preferred method is via [Azure managed identities](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-managed-identity).

Author: How about?

- [Azure Managed Identities](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-managed-identity) is the preferred method for managing access to Azure resources securely.

      container: my-container-name
      blob: path/in/container
      # If a managed identity has been assigned to the machines running the
      # workflow (for example, https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-managed-identity)
      # then useSDKCreds should be set to true. The accountKeySecret is not required
      # and will not be used in this case.
      useSDKCreds: true  
```

You can also authenticate with [Access Keys](#using-azure-access-keys) and [Shared Access Signatures (SAS)](#using-azure-shared-access-signatures-sas).

### Using Azure Access Keys

> 

Reviewer: It would be nice to have a link here too for consistency and reference purposes
```suggestion

You can also use an [Access Key](<insert link here>).

```

Author: Sorry I don't understand. Why would we add a link to using Access Key under the section of Access Keys?
Maybe you meant we could link to one of the other methods?
Meanwhile, I added a list of links of possible auth methods : 7d8fd2ad6f772d1501cee97be8f4a333d668adc7

Reviewer: A link to the Azure docs -- this is the only method missing a link to Azure docs

Author: Ahh.. let me try and add that.

Author: Done.

> 1. Retrieve the blob service endpoint for the storage account.

Author: I feel it's a complete sentence and does not require a colon at the end to introduce additional information. It would also be inconsistent with other sentences that are similar. Thanks for being ok with either way.

> 1. Retrieve the blob service endpoint for the storage account.

Reviewer: > It would also be inconsistent with other sentences that are similar

Some of the sentences do use colons (e.g. https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/13376#discussion_r1687079403) and the docs do use colons when introducing examples in general. So having all colons would actually be more consistent. Right now it's inconsistent

    ```bash
    az storage account show -n mystorageaccountname --query 'primaryEndpoints.blob' -otsv
    ```

2. Retrieve the Access Key for the storage account.

    ```bash
    az storage account keys list -n mystorageaccountname --query '[0].value' -otsv
    ```

> 3. Create a Kubernetes secret to hold the storage account key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a Kubernetes Secret to hold the storage account key:
```

- capitalize "Secret", per [k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#api-resource-names)
  - you did this in some places, but not all

    ```bash
    kubectl create secret generic my-azure-storage-credentials \

>       --from-literal "account-access-key=$(az storage account keys list -n mystorageaccountname --query '[0].value' -otsv)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --from-literal "account-access-key=$ACCESS_KEY"
```

then can use this env var here

Author: I'll add a line above showing how to get the `ACCESS_KEY` as well 👍

Reviewer: The line above isn't necessary after https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/13376#discussion_r1687076355

    ```

> 4. Configure `azure` artifact as follows in the YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Configure an `azure` artifact:
```

- missing an article
- all the "YAML" descriptions are redundant, since the code block is YAML and does most of the talking (they predate your changes ofc and predate me being a contributor)

      container: my-container-name
      blob: path/in/container
      # If a managed identity has been assigned to the machines running the
      # workflow (for example, https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-managed-identity)
      # then useSDKCreds should be set to true. The accountKeySecret is not required
      # and will not be used in this case.
      useSDKCreds: true  
```

### Using Azure Access Keys

You can also use an [Access Key](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-account-keys-manage?tabs=azure-portal).

1. Retrieve the blob service endpoint for the storage account.

    ```bash
    az storage account show -n mystorageaccountname --query 'primaryEndpoints.blob' -otsv
    # https://mystorageaccountname.blob.core.windows.net
    ```

> 2. Retrieve the Access Key for the storage account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Retrieve the Access Key for the storage account:
```

consistent colons, same as above

      container: my-container-name
      blob: path/in/container
      # If a managed identity has been assigned to the machines running the
      # workflow (for example, https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-managed-identity)
      # then useSDKCreds should be set to true. The accountKeySecret is not required
      # and will not be used in this case.
      useSDKCreds: true  
```

### Using Azure Access Keys

You can also use an [Access Key](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-account-keys-manage?tabs=azure-portal).

1. Retrieve the blob service endpoint for the storage account.

    ```bash
    az storage account show -n mystorageaccountname --query 'primaryEndpoints.blob' -otsv
    # https://mystorageaccountname.blob.core.windows.net
    ```

2. Retrieve the Access Key for the storage account.

    ```bash
    ACCESS_KEY="$(az storage account keys list -n mystorageaccountname --query '[0].value' -otsv)"
    ```

3. Create a Kubernetes Secret to hold the storage account key:

    ```bash

>     export ACCESS_KEY=$(az storage account keys list -n mystorageaccountname --query '[0].value' -otsv)

Reviewer: Since `ACCESS_KEY` is already retrieved in the previous step (after https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/13376#discussion_r1687076355), this is duplicative.
Also, `export` is not necessary as it's used directly in the same shell as a variable.

```suggestion
```

### Using Azure Shared Access Signatures (SAS)

> > v3.6 and after

Author: Thanks for the review comments @agilgur5 , I'll fix them as soon as I can.

Meanwhile, would it be possible to include the Azure SAS token support feature in an earlier 3.5.x patch version rather than the next major version(3.6)?

Reviewer: We normally do not backport features (unless they fix something broken)

Author: Thank @agilgur5 for your prompt responses!

Could the SAS support be considered as a fix and included in the next patch since Azure SAS tokens break our existing adapter instance and the fix handles them separately via a different adapter instance. 

Do we also have a timeline of when the next patch and v3.6 is expected to be released?

Reviewer: The issue was written as a feature request and the PR as a feature. Those certainly don't sound like bugfixes to me.

If we were to backport features into patch releases, then patch releases would have significant changes that may be disruptive. You can't have it both ways. Something that benefits you is not necessarily in the best interest of the project. It also sets poor precedent.

3.5.x is unstable as-is due to regressions from features. You asked about the 3.6 timeline, and it has been [delayed while 3.5.x is unstable](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01QW9QSSSK/p1721095606777589?thread_ts=1720689182.756049&cid=C01QW9QSSSK). I'll have the next 3.5.x patch out this week (I was working on it last night)

I also don't see anything particularly special about this feature that warrants backporting and it was not very popular either (3 upvotes).

You are also more than welcome to make your own custom image if you want a feature quicker. This is OSS after all, you have the freedom to use the code in different manners and are not constrained by maintainers.

Author: Thanks @agilgur5, that's a fair point and I understand the reasoning!
We'll try and keep an eye out for `3.6`.

> If you do not wish to use an Access Key, you may also use a [shared access signature (SAS)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-sas-overview?toc=%2Fazure%2Fstorage%2Fblobs%2Ftoc.json&bc=%2Fazure%2Fstorage%2Fblobs%2Fbreadcrumb%2Ftoc.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use a [Shared Access Signature (SAS)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-sas-overview?toc=%2Fazure%2Fstorage%2Fblobs%2Ftoc.json&bc=%2Fazure%2Fstorage%2Fblobs%2Fbreadcrumb%2Ftoc.json).
```

- simplify
- capitalize "Shared Access Signature" as a proper noun

Create an Azure Storage account and a container within that account.

> You can do this using the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) or the [CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/).

Author: Yeah, consolidating the steps might get confusing. But we get rid of the redundant part about creating an account etc.

> You can do this using the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) or the [CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/).

Reviewer: You didn't remove these lines but I think accidentally marked this resolved

> You can do this using the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) or the [CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/).

Author: Whoops! Thanks for catching that. Fixed : b8773a8

### Using Azure Shared Access Signatures (SAS)

> v3.6 and after

You can also use a [Shared Access Signature (SAS)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-sas-overview?toc=%2Fazure%2Fstorage%2Fblobs%2Ftoc.json&bc=%2Fazure%2Fstorage%2Fblobs%2Fbreadcrumb%2Ftoc.json).

> 1. Retrieve the blob service endpoint for the storage account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Retrieve the blob service endpoint for the storage account:
```

Consistent colons, same as above

### Using Azure Shared Access Signatures (SAS)

> v3.6 and after

You can also use a [Shared Access Signature (SAS)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-sas-overview?toc=%2Fazure%2Fstorage%2Fblobs%2Ftoc.json&bc=%2Fazure%2Fstorage%2Fblobs%2Fbreadcrumb%2Ftoc.json).

1. Retrieve the blob service endpoint for the storage account.

    ```bash

>     az storage account show -n mystorageaccountname --query 'primaryEndpoints.blob' -otsv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    az storage account show -n mystorageaccountname --query 'primaryEndpoints.blob' -otsv
    # https://mystorageaccountname.blob.core.windows.net
```

Same as in the access key section in https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/13376#discussion_r1687077344

I didn't mention identical sections in my review, but they apply the same way

    ```

2. Retrieve the shared access signature for the storage account.

    ```bash

>     az storage container generate-sas --account-name <storage-account> --name <container> --permissions acdlrw --expiry <date-time> --auth-mode key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    SAS_TOKEN="$(az storage container generate-sas --account-name <storage-account> --name <container> --permissions acdlrw --expiry <date-time> --auth-mode key)"
```

Same as the Access Key section from https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/13376#discussion_r1687076355.

    ```

> 3. Create a Kubernetes secret to hold the storage account key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a Kubernetes Secret to hold the storage account key:
```

Similarly, should match your capitalization in the access key section and elsewhere for consistency

    ```bash

>     export SAS_TOKEN=$(az storage container generate-sas --account-name <storage-account> --name <container> --permissions acdlrw --expiry <date-time> --auth-mode key)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

duplicative, remove same as above

    kubectl create secret generic my-azure-storage-credentials \
      --from-literal "shared-access-key=$SAS_TOKEN"
    ```

> 4. Configure `azure` artifact as follows in the YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Configure an `azure` artifact:
```

Should match the changes in the Access Key section from https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/13376#discussion_r1687079403
